The additional files I've added relate to
the additional layers needed for the RESTful API.
So for example, you have this entity layer,
there's the repository layer,
the service layer and the web layer.
So all of the typical layers in the stack of a RESTful API.
First, lets look at the entity called location.
So open up the location file.
If you're not familiar with entities,
entities are simply objects that limit the database and they have the ability to
be mapped from the database table to a Java object.
Entities are defined by this at entity annotation here,
and the location entity is very simple,
it has an id which is a unique identifier,
it has a name and it has an address.
Now let's look at the location controller.
So this is the C in the MVC architecture.
The controller will receive and respond to client requests for data.
This controller is identified here on line 13 by this at rest controller annotation.
There's also a location service which I'll talk about more in a moment.
I'm auto wiring a location service being so that I can
use it here in my get all locations method.
Notice here on line 22,
I'm using the at get mapping annotation and I'm passing in a location path.
This annotation is important because it maps
HTTP get requests to the correct handler method.
So anytime a get request comes in,
but the path of location its going to route it to this method called get all locations.
This is a very simple method.
Here on line 24,
I'm using the location service to retrieve a list of locations.
Next, let's navigate to the location service.